hey YouTube oh this is troy again I'm
going to be doing a pickup and a
unboxing I first received my new pickup
it's a it's a base yard at the mall
it'll buckle yeah just his quality obey
propaganda some 1989 and left to you
something credo long sleeve like
turquoise and black stone wash yeah
that's that I got that buck like I
really don't shop there just like a herd
the Obey nice stuff there so I would do
yeah i know im a dude love boxing i
ordered a snap backs from freedom
freedoms unboxing not consume my address
but yeah so here's the box yeah i'm
gonna get on my bed and they turn it
from you see so um look that's not
risking but uh get a knife all right
let's do this I the but those how to
order today on chicago blackhawks NHL
snapback pretty dope then the 11 when it
was out of stock but this was still
pretty dope it's on like red and black
in his bars like red and white bars on
the top side which paid up sir okay
alright so I'm over it up basic just
inside nothing but the hat and my
information down there yeah that's it i
was extremely delicate up Boston
alright that's really dumb red with the
all black ops logo in the red and white
bars red air holes red cap green on your
bill has the NHL sticker there black
snap i might eventually change that
dover ID snap i think a little better
yeah so cardboard side it's a Reebok
which you can see right in there looked
up to a Reebok and it's pretty dope snap
i want
doesn't match somewhere I'm but you know
Pat yeah she had a go check out freedoms
calm so thank you it's like fre edu ms
calm Beverly dubstep acts like other
sports yep that's it last time the red
bill Blackhawks logo and rid of my bars
right air holes red cap black snap yeah
freedoms that column took him out